RDAPI-22757 rewrite YAML type chapter (#1548)
Axway/axway-open-docs: content/en/docs/apim_yamles/apim_yamles_references/yamles_types.md

* As `JavaProcess.yaml` file is contained within `Process` directory, then `JavaProcess` is a child type of `Process` type.
* As `NetService.yaml` file is contained within `JavaProcess` directory, then `NetService` is a child type of `JavaProcess` type.

## Cardinality

> The following table shows the meaning of cardinality symbol found in `types`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table shows the meaning of the cardinality symbol found in entity type definitions located in the `META-INF/types` directory:
```

| Symbol | Min | Max | Mandatory |
|:------:|:---:|:---:|:---------:|
|   1    |  1  |  1  |    Yes (if no default value) |
|   +    |  1  |  ∞  |    Yes (if no default value) |
|   ?    |  0  |  1  |    No     |
|   *    |  0  |  ∞  |    No     |

## YAML Custom types

You can add custom types by creating a YAML file definition of an entity type, and placing the file in the correct subdirectory, under `META-INF/types`.

### Filter type

> This section covers the [Extend API Gateway / Write a custom filter using the extension kit / Create the TypeDoc section](/docs/apigtw_devguide/custom_filter_extension_kit/#create-the-typedoc) for adding a new filter. The rest of the guide stays true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section covers the [Extend API Gateway / Write a custom filter using the extension kit / Create the TypeDoc section](/docs/apigtw_devguide/custom_filter_extension_kit/#create-the-typedoc) for adding a new filter when using YAML. The rest of the guide applies in the same way for YAML.
```

> In order for custom filter to be usable, it must inherit from `Filter` or a a subtype of filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for a custom filter to be usable, it must inherit from `Filter` or a subtype of `Filter`.
```

> Create a yaml file within `META-INF/types/Entity/Filter/` to add a Filter. If you place it under `META-INF/types/Entity/Filter/AWSFilter` and it will inherit from AWSFilter fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a YAML file within `META-INF/types/Entity/Filter/` to add a Filter. If you place it under `META-INF/types/Entity/Filter/AWSFilter` and it will inherit from AWSFilter fields.
```

> The following is a fictive example that takes a value from query string or header to echo it back using a size threshold and an extended mime type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is a fictional example that takes a value from the query string or a HTTP header, and echoes it back using a size threshold and an extended MIME type.
```

```yaml
---
name: EchoFilter
version: 0
class: com.acme.apim.filters.EchoFilterImpl
fields:
  from:
    type: string
    defaultValues:
    - queryString
    cardinality: 1
  paramName:
    type: string
    defaultValues:
    - echo
    cardinality: 1
components:
  ThresholdRange: '?'
  ExtendedMimeType: '?'
```

> You can save it at the following location `META-INF/types/Entity/Filter/EchoFilter.yaml` and proceed as usual to add implementation of this custom filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can save it at the following location `META-INF/types/Entity/Filter/EchoFilter.yaml` and proceed as usual to add the implementation of this custom filter.
```

#### Other custom types

> In the example above the filter may have children entities (of another entity type) being set. Note the this chapter is work for the above example but you processed the same way if you would want to add some other kind of configuration data into your store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example above, the `EchoFilter` filter has child entities of type `ThresholdRange` and `ExtendedMimeType` that can be set. Type definitions for these types must be added to the `types` directory in the same way.
```

> Example for a file such as `META-INF/types/Entity/RootChild/EchoThreshold.yaml` (this example could be used as independent entity).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A type definition for child type `ThresholdRange` can be added to `META-INF/types/Entity/RootChild/ThresholdRange.yaml` as shown below. This example entity could be used as independent entity elsewhere.
```

```yaml
---
name: ThresholdRange
version: 0
fields:
  minThreshold:
    type: integer
    defaultValues:
    - data: 100
    cardinality: 1
  maxThreshold:
    type: integer
    defaultValues:
    - data: 1000
    cardinality: 1
  description:
    type: string
    defaultValues:
    - data: {}
    cardinality: '?'
keyFields:
- minThreshold
- maxThreshold
```

> Example for the following file: `META-INF/types/Entity/RootChild/LoadableModule/MimeType/ExtendedMimeType.yaml` that extends a Mime type definition adding a description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The child entity type definition for `ExtendedMimeType` could be added to `META-INF/types/Entity/RootChild/LoadableModule/MimeType/ExtendedMimeType.yaml` which means that it extends the `MimeType` definition.  The example content below shows that a `description` field has been added.
```

```yaml
---
name: ExtendedMimeType
version: 0
fields:
  description:
    type: string
    defaultValues:
    - {}
    cardinality: '?'
```

#### Putting all the pieces together

> This is how this custom filter could look like once setup in a policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is how the custom filter could be used in a policy when all of the type definitions are setup in the `types` directory.
```
